for today's challenge you need to get
two boxes of Smuckers Uncrustables i won
with the reduced sugar whole wheat and
each one comes with four I got one box
of grape and one box of strawberry but
you can mix and match whichever flavors
you want and if you don't like reduce
sugar and whole wheat just get the
originals alright you can't pre open
them and you have to finish the first
one before you want a next one alright
here we go in three two one go
so frozen
oh yeah I saw them fall a little bit
more here you are you want to try this
challenge I highly recommend letting
them thaw for a little bit longer mostly
we're still a little bit frozen but post
your responses below until next time
peace yeah